1. A time when you faced a problem that had multiple solutions

2. When did you take a risk, make a mistake or fail? How did you respond?

3. What did you do when you needed to motivate a group of individuals?

4. How have you leveraged data to develop a strategy?

5. A time when a team member didn't meet your expectations on a project

6. Tell me about a time you failed and what you learned from it

7. The last time you had to apologize to someone

8. A time when you were 75% through a project, and you had to pivot strategy

9. How do you show your customer Obsession?

10. How do you wow your customers?

11. How do you develop client relationships?

12. How do you understand your customer's needs?

13. Describe a time when you made a judgement call with limited information

14. Describe a time when you improved a process with limited budget

15. Describe a problem you solved. What was the root cause of the problem?

16. An example of when you had to push back to HQ or challenged a decision

17. Provide an example of when you had personally demonstrated ownership

18. Tell me about a time you went above and beyond

19. When you took on something outside your area of responsibility. Outcome?

20. An example of when you saw a peer struggling and decided to step in and help

21. Describe a situation where you disagreed with a supervisor?

22. Tell me about a time you recovered from a difficult situation

23. Tell me about a situation where you had to solve a difficult problem

24. Describe a project or idea (not necessarily your own) that was implemented primarily because of your efforts

25. Do you feel you work well under pressure? If so, describe a time when you have done so...

26. Give me an example of when you motivated others

27. Tell me about a time where you had to delegate tasks during a project

28. Give me an example of when you showed initiative and took the lead

29. Tell me about a time when you missed an obvious solution to a problem

30. Tell me about your proudest professional accomplishment

31. Tell me about a time you handled a crisis

32. Tell me about a time you had to deal with ambiguity

33. Are you easy to get along with?

34. Do you collaborate well?

35. Tell me about a team project you worked on

36. Describe a time when you had to bring two departments together to work more efficiently with each other

37. Tell me about a time you stepped up into a leadership role

38. Tell me about a time you led an important meeting

39. How do you motivate other people to work with you?

40. Describe your style in dealing with irate customers

41. Describe a difficult decision you had to make in your business life and how you went about doing it

42. Tell me about a time you made a mistake that affected a client adversely and how you coped with it

43. Tell me about a time when you disagreed with a rule or approach

44. Describe a situation when you were able to use persuasion to successfully convince someone to see things your way

45. Tell me about a time when you were asked to take sides regarding another employee and you remained neutral

46. We've all had to work with people that don't like us. How do you deal with someone that doesn't like you?

47. Give me an example of a time when you set a goal and were able to meet or achieve it

48. Describe a time when you went beyond your job description to save your company time and money

49. Give an example of a situation in which you took specific steps to further your career

50. Talk about a time when you had to work closely with someone whose personality was very different from yours

51. Give me an example of a time you faced a conflict while working on a team. How did you handle that?

52. Describe a time when you struggled to build a relationship with someone important. How did you eventually overcome that?

53. We all make mistakes we wish we could take back. Tell me about a time you wish you'd handled a situation differently with a colleague?

54. Tell me about a time you needed to get information from someone who wasn't very responsive. What did you do?

55. Describe a time when it was especially important to make a good impression on a client. How did you go about doing so?

56. Give me an example of a time when you did not meet a client's expectation. What happened, and how did you attempt to rectify the situation?

57. Tell me about a time when you made sure a customer was pleased with your service

58. When you're working with a large number of customers, it's tricky to deliver excellent service to them all. How do you go about prioritizing your customers' needs?

59. Tell me about a time when you were under a lot of pressure. What was going on, and how did you get through it?

60. Describe a time when your team or company was undergoing  some change. How did that impact you, and how did you adapt?

61. What is the most difficult decision you ever took in software?

62. Tell me about a time you had to be very strategic in order to meet all your top priorities

63. Describe a long-term project that you managed. How did you keep everything along in a timely manner?

64. Sometimes it' jut not possible to get everything on your to-do lit done. Tell me about a time your responibilities got a bit overwhelming. What did you do?

65. Tell me about a time you set a goal for yourself. How did you go about ensuring that you would meet your objective?

66. Describe a time when you were the reident technical expert. What did you do to make sure everyone was able to understand you?

67. Tell me about a time when you had to rely on written communication to get your ideas across to your team.

68. Tell me about a succesful presentation you gave and why you think it was a hit

69. Describe a time when you saw some problem and took the initiative to correct it rather than waiting for someone else to do it

70. Tell me about a time when you worked under close supervision or extremely loose supervision. How did you handle that?

71. Give me an example of a time you were able to be creative with your work. What was exciting or difficult about it?

72. Tell me about a time you were dissatisfied in your work. What could have been done to make it better?

73. How do you handle a challenge? Give an example.

74. Describe a decision you made that wasn't popular and how you handled implementing it

75. Share an example of how you were able to motivate employees or co-workers

76. Tell me about the toughest decision you've had to make in the past six months

77. Tell me abnout a major mistake you made, and what you did to correct it

78. Tell me about the last time a customer or coworker got upset with you

79. Tell me about a time you knew you were right, but still had to follow directions or guidelines

80. Tell me about the lat time your workday ended before you were able to get everything done

81. Tell me about a time you had to raise an uncomfortable issue with your boss

82. Tell me about a goal you failed to achieve

83. Tell me about a time you worked on a team with individuals from different cultural backgrounds

84. Describe a time when you found it difficult to work with someone from a different background

85. Give an example of a situation where you had to take into account the sensitiveness of different parties

86. Tell me about a time you observed culturally insensitive behavior on the job

87. What experiences have you had with recruiting, hiring, training, and/or supervising a diverse workforce?

88. Tell me about a time recently when you had to take someone's cultural perspective into account in dealing with themselves

89. When have you worked the hardest?

90. Tell me about a time when you had to juggle multiple important projects

91. What was your biggest mistake and what did you learn from it?

92. Tell me about a decision that you regret

93. What's your greatest professional regret?

94. Describe a situation in which you found a creative way to overcome an obstacle

95. Tell me about a time when you came up with a new approach to a problems

96. What's the most innovative new idea that you have implemented?

97. Tell me about a two improvements you have made in the last six months

98. Describe a time when you anticipated potential problems and developed preventive measures

99. Tell me about a time when you had to analyze information and make a reccomendation

100. Tell me about a time when you demonstrated leadership skills

101. When have you delegated efficiently?

102. Describe a time when you led by example

103. Who have you coached or mentored to achieve success?

104. Describe a project that required input from people at different levels in the organization

105. Share a rewarding team experience

106. Tell me about a time when you worked with a difficult team member

107. Give me an example of a team project that failed

108. Tell me about a time you stepped up into a leadership role

109. Let's say you need something important from a coworker and that person isn't responding. How would you deal with this?

110. Tell me about a time when you had to manage multiple responsibilities. How did you handle it?

111. Let's say you're working on a major project and you'r in the weeds. How do you find your way out?

112. We all deal with difficult customers from time to time. Tell me about a challenging client-facing situation and how you handled it.

113. Sometimes we have an all-hands-on-deck situation that may require everyone to work extra hours. How would you handle that?

114. Everyone starts somewhere. Talk about a time when you were new on the job and had a lot to learn. How did you manage?

115. I'm interested in how you recharge when you're not working. What do you do with your downtime?

116. Has your manager/supervisor ever asked you to do something that you were unconformtable with? How did you handle this?

117. Tell me about a time you witnessed a fellow employee do something you didn't think was appropriate

118. Tell me about a time you made a mistake at work. How did you deal with it?

119. How have you reacted to a colleague who regularly lets the team down?

120. Tell me about a time you had to work at a fast pace for an extended period of time. Hwo did you maintain your work pace?

121. Tell me about the longest time it took you to conclude a deal with a cuomter

122. Describe a situation when you had to overcome a number of obstacles to achieve an objective

123. Describe what you do to control mistakes in your work

124. Describe a situation in which you had to schedule your activities to meet a work objective

125. Describe a new idea or suggestion that you made to your supervisor recently

126. Describe a situation when you negotiated with others in your organization to reach agreement

127. Tell me about a time you had to quickly adjust your work priorities to meet changing demands

128. Tell me about a time you had to make decision under pressure to meet a deadline

129. Describe a time when you were faced with a stressful situation and used your coping skills

130. Describe a time that you demonstrated the ability to be an effective team member

131. Describe a time when you sacrificed short term goals for long term success

132. Tell me about a time when you had to choose between technologies for a project

133. Tell me about a time when you disagreed with your hiring manager. What did you do?

134. Tell me about a time when you had to coach an employee

135. Tell me about a time you heard difficult feedback and how you handled it

136. Describe a time when you had to convince the leaders of your team despite their disagreement. What did you do to convince them?

137. Tell me about a time when you were not able to meet a time commitment. What prevented you from meeting it? What was the outcome and what did you learn from it?

138. Describe an example of when you took risk and failed

139. Tell me about a time when you overcame an obstacle and delivered results

140. Tell me about a time when you disagreed with your boss

141. What is the most significant impact of your work inside a team?

142. Tell me about a time when you helped improve an internal work process. How you did it and what was the result?

143. What is the best invention or idea you had in the past two years?

144. Tell me about a time you exceeded your expectations

145. Describe a project that you are particularly proud of. How did it impact your company? What challenges did you encounter and how did you solve them?

146. Tell me about a time you had a conflict at work

147. Tell me about a time when you took the lead on a difficult project

148. Tell me about a time when you received negative feedback from your manager. How did you respond?

149. How would you handle a project that is expected to be behind schedule

150. Describe a time when you received criticism and how you handled it

151. Tell me about a time when you had to make a judgement call without having time to refer to a manager/supervisor

152. Give me an example where you strongly held an opinion and you were the outlier

153. Why Amazon?

154. Explain a situation where you faced a problem and how did you deal with it?

155. Tell me about a time you made a decision without consutling your manager

156. What's your greatest strength?

157. Tell me about a time when you were curious; what were your expectations and what did you learn from them?
